Mr. Ji, how are you?
Great, my name is Liu suddenly
actually
You are not hurt
I'm not hurt.
Thank you for saving me.
Son son
You woke up, you scared mom to death
Your wife has just woken up
I was just about to call you
I saw Lin Chuan wake up
I feel at ease
It's getting late
I'll go first
Lin Chuan, please give it to Dr. Qin
Can I come back tomorrow morning to change it for you?
Yes, ma'am.
Don't worry, Mr. Ji, I will definitely take good care of it.
My son helped me heal
Little San, this Qin Siyu is too difficult
He just called me and said he wanted to cancel my engagement
It's all because you were soft-hearted
If you had just taken advantage of him while he was unconscious
It's already noble
Our ultimate goal is to let you marry Ji Lingchuan smoothly
He's not dead now.
Wait until he is discharged from the hospital
Let's treat you like the groom
There's still an hour and a half to solve
Who is Ji Lingchuan's mother Liu Fu?